mbedtls: use static key slot buffers in the PSA Crypto core (#80368)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-4.0.rst

    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_SSL_TLS1_3_KEY_EXCHANGE_MODE_PSK_EPHEMERAL_ENABLED`
      for TLS 1.3 PSK ephemeral key exchange mode.

  * The Kconfig symbol :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_STATIC_KEY_SLOTS` was
    added to allow Mbed TLS to use pre-allocated static buffers to store key material

>     in its PSA Crypto core instead of heap allocated ones. This can help reducing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in its PSA Crypto core instead of heap-allocated ones. This can help reducing
```

>     (or removing, if no other components makes use of it) heap memory requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (or removing, if no other component makes use of it) heap memory requirements
```

    from the final application.

  * The Kconfig symbol :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_KEY_SLOT_COUNT` was
    added to allow selecting the number of key slots available in the Mbed TLS's

>     implementation of the PSA Crypto core. The default value is 16. Since each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    implementation of the PSA Crypto core. It defaults to 16. Since each
```

    (or removing, if no other components makes use of it) heap memory requirements
    from the final application.

  * The Kconfig symbol :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_KEY_SLOT_COUNT` was
    added to allow selecting the number of key slots available in the Mbed TLS's

>     implementation of the PSA Crypto core. The default value is 32, the same used in

Reviewer 2: This seems to no longer match the used default value of 16, same for the commit message.
